start whats new page (#2239)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/whats-new.mdx

   - Finalized ideating and creating documentation for [Matrix Navigation](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/matrix-navigation).
   - Finalized ideation for Global Header within [Side-to-Side Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9562).
- **Page Layouts** 
   - Started an overview of [Page Layouts that provides definitions and an anatomy](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251).
   - Commenced ideation and documentation such as [responsive design, breakpoints, and padding on containers within Page Layouts](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251).

## November 22 - December 3, 2021

### Roadmap Updates
- **Button** 
   - Added guidance on the ordering of buttons on a form, layer. Updates are available on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=button#single-buttons).
   - Started exploration around if Cancel Buttons should be primary or secondary.
   - Completed guidance for [button positioning on wizards and modals.](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/layer#actionable).

>    - Guidance on left vs right aligned buttons.[Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button#button-alignment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Guidance on [left vs right aligned buttons](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button#button-alignment) published to Design System site.
```

>    - Re-visited [hover state for primary button and updated color.](https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/1271).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Re-visited [hover state for primary button and updated color](https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/1271).
```

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## January 4 - January 21, 2022

### Roadmap Updates

> - **Tag** - Completed guidance for [Tag](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/tag).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Tag** - Completed guidance for [Tag](/components/tag).
```

- **Navigation** 
   - Completed research for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827).

>    - Completed ideations for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2725%3A18556).

Author: good opinion I like that

- **Button** - [Updated font color on default button active states](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component) from default text to text-strong.
- **Page Layouts** 
   - Completed Dashboard template for a [2 column layout](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2231%3A17992).
   - Shared status update with the Design System Council on January 20, 2022.
   - Completed documentation around the definition, scope and anatomy of Page Layouts.
   - Created guidelines for the Page Container, including defining 3 types of content widths: Wide, Narrow and Full.
   - Defined new breakpoints and page margins for each breakpoint.
   - Work in progress for Page Layout templates, starting with 2 column, 3 column and multi-column Dashboards.

### Stay current with the latest changes

> - **Voice and Tone** - Updates in progress for Voice & Tone page.

Reviewer 2: For respect of our readers' time, I suggest we only include tangible, milestone updates. "In progress" feels not exceptionally helpful. I'd either speak to or link to specific changes, or remove from the update.

```suggestion
```

> - **Accessibility** - Updates in progress for Accessibility page to provide more resources and guidance.

Reviewer 2: Speak to / link to the specific resources added/changed, or remove from update.

```suggestion
```

Author: think Ill remove since its still being worked on

- **Persistent Sidebar to be deprecated by end of year** - In preparation for the deprecation of the Persistent Sidebar in Design System, we have removed any examples and documentation surrounding its use.

### Latest Releases
- **Grommet v2.20.0** - Release includes the NEW Tag component along with enhancements to Calendar, Carousel, DateInput, Form, Video; fixes applied to Anchor, Button, Calendar, Clock, Select, Text, and TextInput. Full details about this release are available in the [Release Notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.20.0).

## December 24 - January 3, 2022

Happy Holidays 🎉

## December 20 - 23, 2021

### Roadmap Updates

> - **Page Layouts** - Commenced explorations on [Dashboards within Page Layouts](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2159%3A17698).

Reviewer 2: Focus on completed work/milestones.

```suggestion
```

> - **NameValueList** - Created variant of [editable horizontal form fields with NameValue lists](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/namevaluelist?q=name#name-value-pair-as-a-read-only-display-for-text-inputs).

Reviewer 2: Correct link, keep in same window since linking within DS site.

```suggestion
- **NameValueList** - Created variant demonstrating how [editable horizontal form fields](/components/namevaluelist#name-value-pair-as-a-read-only-display-in-horizontal) may be displayed within Name-Value Lists.
```

> - **Navigation** - Commenced research for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827).

Reviewer 2: For our readers, focus on completed work/milestones.

```suggestion
```

### Stay current with the latest changes

> - **Toast Notifications** - Updated guidance on [Toast Notifications](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications)
>    - This includes [when a user should use a Toast notification](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications#when-should-you-use-a-toast-notification), as well as when not to use a Toast Notification. There was more information given about the [accessibility](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications#accessibility) behind Toast Notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Toast Notifications** - Updated the following guidance for toast notifications:
   - [When a toast notification should be used](/templates/toast-notifications#when-should-you-use-a-toast-notification).
   - Aria attributes which should be present for [toast notification accessibility](/templates/toast-notifications#accessibility).
```

## December 6 - December 17, 2021

### Roadmap Updates
- **Button** 

>    - Completed guidance on placement of the [Cancel Button in a Form and Modal](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=but#styling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Completed guidance on placement of the [Cancel Button in a Form and Modal](/components/button#styling).
```

   - Updated Figma with the new hover states for Primary and Color Buttons and published within the [HPE theme](https://github.com/grommet/grommet-theme-hpe/pull/230).

>    - Updated Button Figma file on Cancel Buttons to use [default styling in Forms and Modals](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button#cancel-buttons).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Updated Button Figma file on [Cancel Buttons](/components/button#cancel-buttons) to use `default` styling in Forms and Modals instead of `secondary`.
```

- **Tag** 

>    - Started [explorations for Tag component](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=2%3A3), and started [ideations for Tags component.](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=286%3A2375)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Started [explorations](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=2%3A3) and [ideations](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=286%3A2375) for Tags component.
```

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## January 4 - January 21, 2022

> ### "Big Things" progress updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### "Big Things" progress updates

```

Reviewer: Also wondering if we should just call this "Roadmap Updates" and omit this sentence below

Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:

> - **Tag** - Completed guidance for Tags in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=289%3A3190) and published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/tag?q=tag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tag** - Completed guidance for Tags in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=289%3A3190) and published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/tag).
```

- **Navigation** 

>    - Completed research for [Ascending Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Completed research for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827).
```

>    - Completed ideations for [Ascending Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2725%3A18556)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Completed ideations for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2725%3A18556).
```

> - **Button** - Updated font [color on default button active states from default text to text-strong.](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Button** - Updated font [color on default button active states from default text to text-strong](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component).
```

- **Page Layouts** 
   - Completed Dashboard template for a [2 column layout.](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2231%3A17992)
   - Shared status update with the Design System Council on January 20, 2022.

>    - Completed documentation around the definition, scope and anatomy of Page Layouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Completed documentation around the definition, scope and anatomy of Page Layouts.
```

>    - Created guidelines for the Page Container level, including defining 3 types of content widths: Wide, Narrow and Full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Created guidelines for the Page Container, including defining 3 types of content widths: Wide, Narrow and Full.
```

>    - Defined new breakpoints and page margins for each breakpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Defined new breakpoints and page margins for each breakpoint.
```

>    - Currently working on creating Page Layout templates, starting with 2 column, 3 column and multi-column Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Work in progress for Page Layout templates, starting with 2 column, 3 column and multi-column Dashboards.
```

### Stay current with the latest changes
- **Voice and Tone** - Updates in progress for Voice & Tone page.

> - **404 Page** - Designed a new 404 page for our Design System site.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to include this (hopefully people are rarely hitting it anyway)
```suggestion
```

Author: good point

- **Accessibility** - Updates in progress for Accessibility page to provide more resources and guidance.

> - **SideBar** - Removed sidebar from examples and documentation, this component is going to be deprecated by the end of the year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Persistent Sidebar to be deprecated by end of year** - In preparation for the deprecation of the Persistent Sidebar in Design System, we have removed any examples and documentation surrounding its use.
```

### Latest Releases

> - **Grommet v2.20.0** - Release includes the NEW Tag component along with enhancements to Calendar, Carousel, DateInput, Form, Video; fixes applied to Anchor, Button, Calendar, Clock, Select, Text, and TextInput. Full details about this release are available in the [Release Notes.](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.20.0)

Author: aw yeah

> ## December 24 - January 3, 2022 Happy Holidays 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## December 24 - January 3, 2022

Happy Holidays 🎉
```

## December 20 - 23, 2021

> ### "Big Things" progress updates

Reviewer: Same as above, soft opinion but should we call this just "Roadmap Updates" OR "Big Things Updates" -- I think having "progress" and "updates" is redundant.

Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:

> - **Page Layouts** - Commenced explorations on [Dashboards within Page Layouts.](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2159%3A17698)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Page Layouts** - Commenced explorations on [Dashboards within Page Layouts](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2159%3A17698).
```

> - **NameValueList** - Commenced ideations on editable horizontal form fields with NameValue lists in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Ny7rYK5gI5VO4PtZsq6vGC/HPE-Name-Value-List?node-id=798%3A2829) and published on the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/namevaluelist?q=name#name-value-pair-as-a-read-only-display-for-text-inputs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **NameValueList** - Created variant of editable horizontal form fields with NameValue lists in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Ny7rYK5gI5VO4PtZsq6vGC/HPE-Name-Value-List?node-id=798%3A2829) and published on the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/namevaluelist?q=name#name-value-pair-as-a-read-only-display-for-text-inputs).
```

> - **Navigation** - Commenced research for [Ascending Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Navigation** - Commenced research for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827).
```

### Stay current with the latest changes

> - **Toast Notifications** - Updated guidance on [Toast Notifications](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications?q=toast)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Toast Notifications** - Updated guidance on [Toast Notifications](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications)
```

> - **Toast Notifications** - Updated guidance on [Toast Notifications](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications?q=toast)

Reviewer: Can we be more specific about what changed in the guidance this week? when they go to the link there's no ability to view a changelog or diffs, so being specific here about what was added would be helpful.

Author: yeah I can point out the major changes

## December 6 - December 17, 2021

### "Big Things" progress updates
Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:
- **Button** 

>    - Completed guidance on placement of the Cancel Button in a Form and Modal in [Figma]( https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=667%3A385) and published on the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=but#styling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Completed guidance on placement of the Cancel Button in a Form and Modal in [Figma]( https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=667%3A385) and published on the [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=but#styling).
```

>    - Updated Figma with the [new hover states for Primary and Color Buttons.](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Updated Figma with the [new hover states for Primary and Color Buttons](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component).
```

>    - Updated Button Figma file on Cancel Buttons following [default styling in Forms and Modals.](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4688%3A9756)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Updated Button Figma file on Cancel Buttons to use [default styling in Forms and Modals](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4688%3A9756).
```

- **Tag** 

>    - Commenced [explorations for Tag component.](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=2%3A3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Commenced [explorations for Tag component](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=2%3A3).
```

>    - Completed [ideations for Tags component.](https://www.figma.com/file/8zrInotU4JK9LWP4WyZy25/HPE-Design-System-Tags?node-id=286%3A2375)

Reviewer: How did we "commence exploration" but "complete ideation" ? Feels like exploration comes first then ideation?

Author: Tagging @vavalos5 just to clarify on her end

- **Navigation** 

>    - Commenced [ideation for Matrix Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9780)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Commenced [ideation for Matrix Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9780).
```

>    - Commenced [ideation for Reverse Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2486%3A14490)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Commenced [ideation for Reverse Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2486%3A14490).
```

>    - Provided guidance and examples on Sidebar for Side-to-Side Navigation. [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9562) [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/side-to-side-navigation?q=side)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Provided guidance and examples on Sidebar for Side-to-Side Navigation. [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9562) [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/side-to-side-navigation?q=side).
```

>    - Finalized ideating and documentation for Matrix Navigation. [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9780) and published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/matrix-navigation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Finalized ideating and creating documentation for Matrix Navigation in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9780) and published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/matrix-navigation).
```

>    - Finalized ideation for Global Header within [Side-to-Side Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9562)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Finalized ideation for Global Header within [Side-to-Side Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1647%3A9562).
```

- **Page Layouts** 

>    - Commenced an overview of [Page Layouts that provides definitions and an anatomy.](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Started an overview of [Page Layouts that provides definitions and an anatomy](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251).
```
"Commenced" isn't the friendliest/most conversational term. Maybe we can use a variety of "Started", "Began", etc.

>    - Commenced ideation and documentation such as [responsive design, breakpoints, and padding on containers within Page Layouts.](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Commenced ideation and documentation such as [responsive design, breakpoints, and padding on containers within Page Layouts](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=1876%3A16251).
```

## November 22 - December 3, 2021

### "Big Things" progress updates
Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:
- **Button** 

>    - Added guidance on the ordering of buttons on a form, layer.[Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=667%3A385) published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=button#single-buttons)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Added guidance on the ordering of buttons on a form, layer. Updates are available in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=667%3A385) published on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=button#single-buttons).
```

>    - Commenced Button Guidance on Cancel Button being primary or secondary 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Started exploration around if Cancel Buttons should be primary or secondary.
```

>    - Completed guidance for [button positioning on wizards and modals.](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4685%3A9517)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Completed guidance for [button positioning on wizards and modals](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4685%3A9517).
```
For all of these "guidance" related links, why are we linking to Figma? Shouldn't we be linking to the section on the site?

Author: I also kinda thought the same if we should have both or just one @vavalos5

Author: I just looked we don't have this on the site as an example in the Buttton page Ill make an issue

>    - Guidance on [left vs right aligned buttons.](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4685%3A9536)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Added guidance on [left vs right aligned buttons](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=4685%3A9536).
```
Same as above, why are we linking to Figma as opposed to the site?

>    - Re-visited [hover state for primary button and updated color.](https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/1271)

Reviewer: Can we add what we updated the color to?

Author: yes let me add

- **Navigation** 

>    - Commenced [explorations for Reverse Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A18)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Commenced [explorations for Reverse Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A18).
```

   - Commenced [exploration of Matrix Navigation.](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A18)
### Stay current with the latest changes
- Added [trash icon to FileInput validation example](https://www.figma.com/file/8HwAiiSDloOTjUxqvCTypq/HPE-FileInput-Component?node-id=1164%3A43348)

> - Changed the [cog icon on ordering of items to column icon based on a user study conducted.](https://www.figma.com/file/TonE8uQ33e5QJRPknZx36q/Ordering-Of-Items?node-id=33%3A12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the [cog icon on ordering of items to column icon based on outcomes of a user study](https://www.figma.com/file/TonE8uQ33e5QJRPknZx36q/Ordering-Of-Items?node-id=33%3A12).
```

> - Added resize vertical to textarea, this allows users to resize the [TextArea](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/textarea?q=text)

Reviewer: We can likely omit this -- this was just fixing an example but not anything related to design system guidance

Author: done

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## January 4 - January 21, 2022

> ### "Big Things" progress updates

Reviewer: Still wondering if this should just be "Big Things" Updates or "Big Things Progress" -- progress and updates feels redundant

Author: I changed this to be `### Roadmap Updates`

Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:
- **Tag** - Completed guidance for [Tag](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/tag).
- **Navigation** 
   - Completed research for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2382%3A13827).
   - Completed ideations for [Ascending Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=2725%3A18556).

> - **Button** - Updated font [color on default button active states from default text to text-strong](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Button** - [Updated font color on default button active states](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component) from default text to text-strong.
```

## November 22 - December 3, 2021

### "Big Things" progress updates
Here are the latest developments regarding roadmap items:
- **Button** 
   - Added guidance on the ordering of buttons on a form, layer. Updates are available on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=button#single-buttons).
   - Started exploration around if Cancel Buttons should be primary or secondary.
   - Completed guidance for [button positioning on wizards and modals.](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/layer#actionable).
   - Guidance on left vs right aligned buttons.[Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button#button-alignment).
   - Re-visited [hover state for primary button and updated color.](https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/1271).
- **Navigation** 
   - Began [explorations for Reverse Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A18).
   - Started [exploration of Matrix Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A18).
### Stay current with the latest changes

> - Added [trash icon to FileInput validation example] on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/fileinput#fileinput-validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added trash icon to FileInput validation example on [Design System site](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/fileinput#fileinput-validation).
```
